all the good stuff anyways this looks
like installation guide a simple
installation guys you have to look
through the big booklet you can just go
through here let's see it come on come
on hey see you know the easy
installation guide and stuff the
motherboard what it looks like all the
good stuff those you would have to have
a follower you know the hard drives and
everything other stuff anyhow to put any
other as the 8-pin 12-volt power uses
two of them i'll be using both of them
save my earth or supplies that and then
you get EVGA x58 three at the light
classified limited edition number 71 so
I guess this is a number 71 motherboard
I'm especially showing you that so yeah
that's it come on put that on my wall he
you know certificate that i have it 71
so that's not bad 71 person to get it or
i guess that's how they did it anyways
yeah it's about it guys i might be
making some more videos i'll be showing
you my physics card which is not
convenient it's supposed to come in
today so as soon as i get it i'll be
showing you that and yeah my little
kitty bling anyways yeah so I'm gonna
pack this up and I'm gonna be setting it
up as soon as I get it like a couple
more parts coming in I don't know what
they're gonna be here but i'll let you
know as soon as I get it and
for right now good
oh yeah forgot one more thing to show
you what the motherboard looks like give
me a second let me take it out there you
go the instructions and where to put the
ddr3 at little classified that has two
four six eight esata us watchlist sexy
said isn't them out this is something
else I guess this is esata to never mess
with EVGA again so this yeah birdie this
is going to be lighting up and stuff
it's going to be real nice and there
goes the two 6-pin power adapters for
graphics cards to right here physics
card right there and another one right
there which I'm going to showing you
just a sick well I can't show you right
now but still I'll show in a little bit
all right so I gotta reset bios right
here all the good stuff yeah alright
guys so that's it so just subscribe keep
an eye on my other videos and I'll see
you later